Correct ages in our privacy policy (#35341)
code-dot-org/code-dot-org: dashboard/app/views/home/_privacy.md

When User accounts use a Student email address for login, Code.org does not store the email address provided by those Users in a retrievable format. Instead, we immediately create and store only a one-way hashed version of the email address (which cannot be converted back into the original address), and use it only for the purposes of login, account management, and password recovery. In fact, when creating or signing into a Student account, the actual account email address is never even transmitted to Code.org's servers. The only circumstance when Code.org's servers receive a Student's Code.org email address is if the Student forgets their password and asks to reset it. At that point, the Student is prompted to enter their email, which is used to send them a password reset link.

### Exceptions

> If a User contacts us via our customer support pages, we will store and use their email address in order to respond to them. If a User over the age of 16 signs our online petitions, or a User creates a Teacher account on Code.org or offers to help us as a software industry volunteer, we will store and use their email address just as we do for other advocates of our nonprofit mission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a User contacts us via our customer support pages, we will store and use their email address in order to respond to them. If a User aged 16 or over signs our online petitions, or a User creates a Teacher account on Code.org or offers to help us as a software industry volunteer, we will store and use their email address just as we do for other advocates of our nonprofit mission.
```
Checked in GDPR and it says "the processing of the personal data of a child shall be lawful where the child is at
least 16 years old". This language change's grammar is consistent with the grammar we use elsewhere.
